#summary A list of use cases for the system.

=Actors and Goals=

==Actor: User==
Goals: Login, Setup Account, Edit personal information

==Actor: Administrator==
Goals: Login, Manage users, generate reports, export to excel/XML, import data, manage data fields, manage display layout

===Use Case List===
  * Login
  * Setup Account
  * Edit Personal Information
  * Manage Users
  * Generate Reports
  * Export to Excel/XML
  * Import Data
  * Manage Data Fields
  * Manage Display Layout

=Use Cases=
*Use Case: Login*

ID: UC1

Description: Provides authentication for the website.

Precondition: The system displays a login page.

  # User enters in name and password.
  # User Press the Login Button.
  # System determines that user's name and password are valid.
    # Login the user.
  # Else
    # System displays a message to the User.

Postcondition: The user is authenticated.


*Use Case: Setup Account*

ID: UC2

Description: A new user sets up an account and changes their temporary password.

Precondition: 
  * Administrator has already added the user with the New User use case.
    * This implies that the User has been emailed with a user name and temporary password.
  * The User has never logged in before.
  * The User has authenticated with the Login Use Case with their temp password.

  # User enters into the first time setup page
  # User enters a new password and submits
  # If the user doesn't enter a new password
    * System continues to prompt for a new password


Postconditions: The user is at the personal information page.


*Use Case: Edit Personal Information*

ID: UC3

Description: Allows users to edit their profiles containing personal information.

Precondition: The system displays a home page.

  # User clicks "Edit" button.
  # User is taken to a page where he can edit his profile.
  # User types data into text boxes/fields.
  # User clicks "Submit" button.
  # System stores all data from boxes/fields into database.

Postcondition: The user is taken back to the home page.




*Use Case: Manage Users*

ID: UC4

Description: Allows administrators to create or delete new users.

Precondition: The system displays a home page.

  # Admin clicks "Manage Users" button.
  # Admin is taken to a page where he views all current users.
  # Admin may click "Delete" next to a displayed user.
    # If so, user is deleted from the database.
  # Admin may click "Create New User" button.
    # If so, admin enters an email address of a user.
    # User is created in system.
  # Admin clicks "Finish" button.

Postcondition: The user is taken back to the home page.